OrdinalBoard Terms of Use for Ordinal Inscription Creators

Terms of Use. These Additional Terms of Use for Ordinal Inscription Creators ("Ordinal Inscription Creator Terms"), set 
forth by Ordinalboard.com

Ordinals and Inscriptions. Ordinals and inscriptions are mechanisms by which satoshis, units of bitcoin, are identified, 
tracked, and inscribed with information on the Bitcoin blockchain. The process of inscription inscribes unique information 
associated with a satoshi that differentiates it from other satoshis. After inscription, a satoshi could then be 
considered non-fungible with other satoshis. This Portal helps you create custom ordinal inscriptions. That said, because  
ordinal inscriptions are deployed to a blockchain, there are many ways in which they may never be changed. They also may 
never be deleted. The creation of an ordinal inscription by you through the Portal is considered a User Contribution.

You Own Your Ordinal Inscription. You are the sole owner of your ordinal inscription and solely responsible for the  
legitimacy, authenticity, display, deployment, promotion, support, and any liability associated with your ordinal 
inscription. You attest that you are the sole owner of any artwork or intellectual property used in connection with your 
ordinal inscription and attest that your ordinal inscription does not violate any other entity's or persons' copyright or 
any other rights. Our system briefly maintains administrative control over your ordinal inscription at the time of 
creation, but it is immediately transferred to you. We are not responsible for technical issues that arise while under our 
administrative control.

Compatible Bitcoin Address and Wallet. Ordinal inscriptions are a new technology and only compatible with certain 
specialized Bitcoin addresses and wallet software. It is your responsibility to research a compatible address format and 
wallet that is supported for this purpose. It is possible there could be no publicly available software offerings to view, 
manage, and transfer your ordinal inscription. After creating your ordinal inscription, Ordinalboard will transfer the 
inscribed satoshi’s UTXO to the address you used to pay for the transaction, or to the “Ordinal recipient address” if one 
is provided when using the Portal. If you pay with or provide an incompatible address, if you do not have access to 
compatible wallet software, or if you lose access to the address’s private key, it is highly likely that you will never be 
able to trade or transfer this UTXO containing your ordinal inscription. We recommend using a new address for each ordinal 
inscription to increase the likelihood for forward compatibility, but this should be considered a guide and not a 
guaranty. Ordinalboard does not guarantee your ability to trade or transfer your UTXO once it is transferred to you.

Refunds. Ordinalboard cannot and does not offer refunds once your ordinal inscription transaction has been broadcast to 
the Bitcoin network, an automated process that occurs immediately after receiving payment. If we can independently verify 
that we remain in possession of your entire payment amount, we will issue a refund, less network fees, to the original 
payment address. We do not issue refunds to any other address or for any other reason.

Content Moderation. We use automated systems including third-party tools to filter out content containing nudity, violent 
and visually disturbing images, and hateful or extreme content. We reserve the right to change which content is filtered 
at any time without notice. If our automated systems detect such content, we will not allow you to create it as an ordinal 
inscription. You agree not to attempt to circumvent or reverse engineer these systems to create such content or for any 
other purpose. Users are forbidden from using our service to create ordinal inscriptions including such content, or any 
illegal content of any kind, even if they are not detected by our automated systems. Once an ordinal inscription is 
created on the blockchain, we are no longer able to moderate or censor its material.

Removal and Control. We reserve the right to remove ordinal inscriptions from view or prevent ordinal inscriptions from 
appearing on our main marketplace for any or no reason if they are found to violate our standards or infringe upon any 
other person or entity's copyright or any law.
